♪ It seems today
That all you see♪
♪ Is violence in movies
And sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
Good old-fashioned values ♪
[all]
♪ On which we used to rely? ♪
♪ Lucky there's a family guy♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
Positively can do ♪
♪ All the things
That make us ♪
♪ Laugh and cry ♪
[all]
♪ He's a family guy ♪
Dear Santa, I hope this letter
finds you and the missus well.
Saw some recent pics,
and can I just say,
you are working
those red pants, king.
You see, Rupert,
you don't just jump
right into the request.
It takes a deft hand and tact.
I demand the blouse
Timothee Chalamet is wearing
in this photo.
I don't know where it's from,
but you're Santa,
I trust you'll figure it out.
I would start at Balenciaga,
but I'm not telling you how to
do your job.
-Hi, Stewie.
-Hey, Can you knock?
This isn't stall three at the
LaGuardia men's room.
[sighs] What are you doing?
I'm writing a letter to Santa.
You know, writing?
What you pretend to do
at Starbucks.
Well, I don't know
if you should expect
too much for Christmas,
considering you're definitely
on the naughty list.
Oh, Brian the old Stewie
was on the naughty list.
I haven't tried to kill Lois
for I don't know how long.
Letting your mother live,
that's nice.
Stewie, you do
a lot of things
that aren't nice
besides trying
to kill your mom.
Oh, yeah? Name one.
You lured Chris
to a remote cabin
and tried to drown him,
because he used to
sleep with Rupert.
Crime of passion.
No jury would convict.
You cut the course at that 5k.
You can go
through a gas station
if it's on a corner.
You didn't see Wakanda Forever
in the theater
on opening weekend.
I was still afraid of Covid.
Not too afraid
for JLo's
Marry Me.
Brian, I was the only one
in that theater.
Well, I don't know.
Did you get a "save the date"
for December 25 yet?
No.
Maybe it went
to my spam folder?
No, these are like
Adam Schiff emails.
They go right to your inbox.
I'm sorry, Stewie,
but it's looking like
you're on the naughty list.
This is bad.
I need to turn this around
before Christmas.
I think it's a little late
in the game for that.
Lots of people do things
last minute at Christmas,
Brian.
Jesus is gonna love my gift.
-Mine, too.
-Yeah. Yeah, me too.
Hey, guys, I'm just going to,
like, pull in here
for a minute,
just... just to see
if they have
a bathroom and whatnot.
Good morning, employees.
I have an exciting
announcement.
For our workplace
holiday festivities,
the brewery will partake
in an office-wide
white elephant.
-Where's Angela?
-Dead.
For those unfamiliar with
the rules of a white elephant
gift exchange,
I've asked
gangly Judiah, Jeff Goldblum,
to explain it to you.
Yes, yes, yes.
Welcome.
Greetings and salutations.
Yes, yes, yes.
White elephant.
Oh!
'Tis the season.
Ho ho ho!
Merry, merry, Mary Steenburgen
the Bergen Mary.
Yes. Yes.
[playing piano]
Oh, ivories, tickle, tickle.
Guchie Goo.
Mr. Steinway,
please meet Mr. Gershwin.
♪ I've got rhythm ♪
♪ I've got music ♪
There's ten more hours of that
available on
the company's website.
Is this a mandatory
participation sort of thing?
Statistically, white elephants
are the best time to poop,
because the bathroom's empty
due to everyone being
at the white elephant.
Yes, everyone
must participate.
And candidly,
your evaluation for the year
largely hinges on it.
Lastly, I'd like to
remind you all
that sex toys are not
an appropriate gift.
No matter how many times
I say it,
each year, there's always one.
Forget sex toys.
Need I remind you, that's how
Keith from accounting
got his guitar.
My life's been a living hell
ever since.
-[door bangs open]
-Somebody say Keith?
Oh, and look here,
brought my buddy with me,
and I think he has
something to say.
Here comes the back story.
You know, last year
I looked into a telescope
in the Southwest,
changed my life forever.
This song is called
"Are they out there?"
And it's an original.
Obviously.
[♪ Christmassy music playing]
I got your text.
What's so urgent?
Did your Google alert
for "David Beckham divorce"
go off?
No, but it will.
Tom and Gisele's breakup
really sent a shockwave
through that tier of hotness.
Help me carry
my weapons to the trash.
This is the end
of evil Stewie, Bri.
I'm breaking good.
Stewie, I think you might be
overreacting to this
naughty and nice stuff.
No, no, Brian.
You pointed it out
and you were right.
I'm in your debt.
Are these guns from
Rick and Morty?
Yeah, they had kind of
a fire sale over there.
[♪ Christmas music playing]
God, this one's
full of your diapers.
Those aren't mine.
Look at the size of them.
If they're not yours,
then whose are they?
[Peter clears throat]
It would behoove you,
gentlemen,
never to mention this again.
[TV host] We now return to
Dancing with the Stars
,
where stars
is in heavy air quotes.
Dancing the foxtrot
with her partner,
Maksim Chmerkovskiy,
it's Octo-Mom's seventh child,
whose name is not important.
Okay, who wants to help me
decorate the tree?
We've got loads
of time for that.
No, we don't. It's already
an unspecified date
in December.
Unspecified date in December?
That means
the white elephant's
tomorrow.
All right, Peter, calm down.
You're not the first guy
to save Christmas shopping
for the last minute.
Wow.
Uh... What is it?
Oh, oh, it's myrrh.
It's a gum resin
extracted from a number of
small, thorny trees.
Oh, dude, I'm obsessed
with gum resin.
Nice.
Okay. I guess
this is my birthday
and Christmas present.
There's got to be
something in here
I can wrap and give away.
Kodak disk camera?
Dead Dad's shoes?
Tiny cardboard box?
That's perfect.
There's something inside.
Even better.
This could work.
But what if Rebecca
from sales gets it?
It needs to be special
without seeming like
I tried too hard.
And it needs to say,
"maybe there's
something more to this"
without being psychotic.
Maybe I'll get her a noose
with a card that says,
"Don't make me
hang out alone."
Nah, I'll do the brooch.
Save the noose
for Valentine's.
Welcome to the office
holiday party.
Aka, the time of year,
where you're required
to use your lunch break
to socialize with people
you see every day.
Stella, you drew first
for the white elephant.
So, you're up.
Brad Garrett book.
[man] The foreward's by
Doris Roberts,
God rest her soul.
And we're off. My turn.
What a stunning brooch.
I love it.
[phone dings]
Griffin. It's your turn.
All right, Peter. No matter
what the next item is,
you gotta get Lois's brooch
back. No matter what.
Oh, cool.
It's a Jeff Goldblum Cameo.
Yoink! I'll be taking that.
It's your friend,
Goldblum, here.
The bloom on the rose,
a kiss from a rose.
Seal from Batman,
1990s, yes, yes.
Here, wishing you
a happy hump day.
Yes. Happy.
Happy?
Yes. Yes.
I'll be spending my hump day
having thinner legs
than my wife.
[chuckles]
He just kept going
till his phone died.
Good morning, family.
Ho, ho, how's everybody doing?
Chris, have you lost weight?
I've put on five pounds
since yesterday.
You wear it well.
Brian, loving the antlers
you put on your Prius.
Lot of personality.
And Meg, wow, you look...
like one of your three rashes
is clearing up nicely.
Stewie, this is
so transparent.
Transparent or not,
I'm going to get off
the old naughty list
one good deed at a time.
Just this morning,
I gave a huge tip
at Starbucks.
Wow, a thousand dollars.
Thanks.
So how's it going
to change your life?
Oh, it's not.
I'm the CEO of Starbucks
doing an
Undercover Boss.
This is going straight
to union busting.
Oh. Well, then, fine.
I'm going to start
going to Coffee Bean.
-No, you're not.
-I'm not.
Get used to it, Bri.
The new nice Stewie
is here to stay.
You hear that, Santa?
Oop! I'm late for my shift
volunteering at
the animal shelter
for pets
Ellen DeGeneres gave away.
Peter, I still haven't found
my special Christmas tree
brooch.
Have you checked
the bottom of the ocean
like that old lady
who threw it around
on the
Titanic?
It's the brooch
I've had since childhood.
Not ringing any bells.
And her name was Rose.
Oh, my God, that was Rose.
That was the same as the lady.
I got to rewatch that.
When I was little, I had
a serious case of pneumonia
that almost killed me.
But on December 24th,
as I lay sick in bed,
my mother pinned
a Christmas tree brooch
on my nightgown
and I felt my lungs strengthen
with each breath I took.
That brooch gave me life.
It's the most special
possession I own,
and I wanted
to wear it tonight
to your boss's holiday party.
Can't you just get a new one
at HomeGoods
or one or the other
Cheap Lady Chaos stores?
[all screaming and yelling]
Hi. I'm looking for
a chandelier
and some bean soup mix.
Every aisle.
That's every aisle.
[♪ band playing Jingle Bells]
I'm so glad you're here,
because you want to be,
and not because I'm your boss.
Please, grab a drink
and enjoy yourselves.
Do you want to say hi
to any of your work friends?
I had the severance
procedure done,
so I wouldn't recognize
any of these losers
off the clock.
-[Peter gasps]
-What? What is it?
Uh... I heard the CEO
of Bed Bath and Beyond
signed Preston's shower door.
Uh... Susan E. Gove?
Are you [bleep] me?
Mrs. Lloyd, you're looking
lovely tonight.
What a beautiful brooch.
You think I could see it
for a moment
and walk out of
the room with it?
My Preston gave this to me
as an early Christmas present.
I do a really funny
granny character.
Can I borrow
your sweater for it?
No, thank you.
I don't like comedy.
Griffin, I see you've met
Widow Lloyd.
Oh, I'm so sorry
your dad died.
He didn't.
Her first name is Widow.
Mother, may I have this dance?
Damn it! How the hell am I
gonna get that thing back?
Don't worry.
You'll get it.
You always do.
Aw. Thanks, moose.
Say, is that pill
you found outside
doing anything yet?
Not yet, moose.
Not yet.
Hey, Stewie. You busy?
Well, it is our anniversary.
But of course,
I've always got time
for a friend.
Thanks.
I just smoked a joint,
and I'd like to run
a few philosophical notions
by you.
[grimacing] Why,
nothing would
make me happier.
Good, good.
Did you know
stars are in the past?
We're starting with stars?
Look around, the world's
so damn Orwellian.
You're not going anywhere.
My point is, I think sound
could be faster than light.
Hello! Now turn on the light.
[phone vibrating]
Oh, crap. My Postmate
called me six times.
I gotta go.
Hi, is this Ilyam?
You know what?
I'll come out.
What tan $6000 car
are you driving?
Okay. If I follow him
long enough,
there's bound to be
an opportunity
to swipe Lois's brooch back.
Do you have eyes
on the target? Over.
[Stewie] Whoever this is,
you've stolen
my walkie talkie.
[tires screeching]
I'll never get past
the guards.
God, the Fox News
must be so loud in there.
[woman on TV]
Transgender immigrants
are dropping sexy M&Ms
from Chinese balloons.
This is worth
being disowned by my family.
So in conclusion, Santa,
I think you can see
my remorse is genuine,
and I believe I'm ready
to re-enter society
and find my earned place
back on the nice list.
Sincerely, Stewie Griffin.
Dictated, not read.
Read that back to me.
Mom, I found something weird
in the driveway
next to one of Dad's
giant diapers.
[Peter] It would
behoove you...
[gasps] My vaporizer.
Meg, give that to me.
Get off me, Stewie!
-Meg, that's not a toy.
-[grunting]
Oh, no, Meg! No!
I hope Santa doesn't
hear about this.
Excuse me, sir.
Busy, busy, busy.
I'll come back.
This is really great, man.
Just so stiff
carrying this
full sack around.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Toys are getting heavy.
[sighs]
-What's your name again?
-Derek.
Okay. I just want to know
who not to ask for next time.
That's Meg, all right.
I can still smell
the bowling alley calzone.
Brian, if Santa
discovers this,
there's no way
I'll make the nice list.
Who cares about that?
Meg's dead.
Yeah, yeah.
When do you think
the cutoff is
for this year's list?
Like, he's got to be
on the road already, right?
-Stewie!
-I know this is bad.
I'll figure something out.
Okay, and I'll stand here
to make sure
Lois doesn't vacuum up
this pile of dust.
[chuckles] I think
we're okay there, Bri.
Anybody got
any Christmas Eve plans?
I'm gonna just hang around
bar parking lots,
looking for crying women
like most Christmas Eves.
As a mailman
in the holiday season,
I have to uncomfortably
linger for tips.
[clears throat]
Bonnie's in Cabo
with her hot nephew
I can't figure out
how she's related to.
[laughs]
Bears no resemblance.
She won't tell me
his last name,
and I don't think
he owns a shirt.
What about you, Peter?
Got any fun
Christmas Eve plans?
Well, actually, fellas,
I could really use your help.
I need to break into
the room of a woman.
-Giggity.
-In a nursing home.
Potentially giggity.
To steal a piece of jewelry.
Not giggity, but by the rule
of three giggities, I'm in.
Oh, Meg, thank God
Stewie figured out
how to put you back together.
Ta da!
Pretty convincing, right?
Stewie, God,
what are you doing?
I think it's pretty
self-explanatory.
Passing myself off
as my older sister,
since I've vaporized her
into a pile of dust.
Why are you wearing a dress?
Meg never wore a dress.
I haven't changed yet.
And it's a kaftan,
you philistine.
You're just in time.
I'm auditioning new Megs.
These are all guys.
Yeah. So?
[Brian whispering]
Oh, my stars.
Well, that's too bad.
Kevin Smith came close.
If we ever get Meg back,
she should wear
hockey jerseys.
Okay. First, we gotta get past
the security guards.
I'll distract them
with seduction.
Then we gotta get past
the front desk ladies,
I'll distract them
with seduction.
Then we gotta
get past the orderlies.
I'll also distract them
with seduction.
I think you're overestimating
your seduction skills.
Jackie, this intoxicatingly
seductive gentleman
and his three friends
are here to see you.
I stand corrected.
-May I help you?
-Yes.
-We're here to spray
the urine aroma.
-Oh, okay.
You know, I thought
I was smelling other things
than urine.
Sounds like we're here
just in the nick of time.
I assure you, when we're done,
it'll all be urine.
This really was not as hard
as you made it out to be.
Okay, let's just get out
of here
and not put on
her glaucoma sunglasses
to look like terminators.
The burning's gone.
-Is this what eyes are
supposed to feel like?
-Peter, take those off.
Oh, my God.
You got all black, tiny little
Barney Rubble eyes.
Peter, when's the last time
you got your eyes checked?
I thought if you shampoo them
every night,
you didn't have to
get them checked.
Dear Santa,
just to remind you,
I've been
a perfect angel this year
and deserve lots
and lots of presents.
[♪ mellow music playing]
No. You know what?
I've vaporized my sister.
I mean, her finger
was on the trigger,
but let's not get
in the weeds about it.
I know you'd expect the old me
to joke about
how gross and annoying she is.
And how this could be seen
as a good deed.
But the honest truth is,
I looked at her stocking,
the music swelled,
and now I miss her terribly.
As I look over my list
of presents I want,
I realize I don't
need any of them.
I'd trade them all to have
my sister back.
Santa, please.
My only wish is for Meg
to be returned safely.
I don't need
anything else this year.
That's not naughty.
That's adorable.
[♪ mellow music playing]
[music swells]
[gasps]
Meg, you're back.
Yeah. I don't know
what happened last night,
but I had
a pretty crazy dream.
And I woke up hogtied
under the Christmas tree.
Ugh! I should
probably lay off the nogg
next year, huh?
You must have
a lot of questions.
Meh. As long as I get
a bowling alley calzone,
I'm straight.
I don't believe it.
It's a Christmas miracle.
It's also the first night
of Hanukkah.
It's a Christmas miracle.
Are her...
Her legs on backwards?
Yeah. Close enough. Rush job.
Busy night for Santa.
Move! Move! Move!
Yay! A stick.
I think that's for Brian.
Oh.
Lois, I got you
something special.
I know you've been
missing this.
[gasps] My Christmas brooch.
Where did you find this?
I could lie, but I'm gonna
tell you the truth.
-Under the couch pillow.
-Peter.
I gave it away
at a white elephant at work
and my boss gave it
to his elderly mother,
and I snuck into
a nursing home with the guys
to steal it back.
So your Christmas gift
to your wife
is something
that she already owned.
I also got you
a mouse pad that says
"World's Greatest Mom."
Peter, I have a laptop.
That's fine,
because I didn't
really get it.
Oh, Peter.
The important thing is,
we've run out of time
for me to be annoyed.
Morning-breath kiss
in front of the kids?
[♪ Christmas music playing]
Merry Christmas.
And no one use
the credit card until June.
You know, Peter, it seems like
everyone got
what they wanted for Christmas
except for Mrs. Lloyd.
[monitor beeping]
Merry Christmas,
Peter's boss's mom.
Well, I gotta say,
it feels pretty good
doing something nice
for a sweet old woman
on Christmas.
It's like that thing about
when a bell rings
and an angel gets its wings.
What? What's that?
From It's a Wonderful Life.
Oh, yeah, no,
I've never seen that.
You've never seen
It's a Wonderful Life?
It starts with
a big, loud bell,
and I got scared
and turned it off.
Peter, it's a classic.
It's about
a mortgage lender...
Always
a sympathetic character.
...who's an angry drunk
and winds up
threatening to commit suicide
after he DUIs into a tree.
Actually,
that sounds hilarious.
Let's watch it tonight.
Oh, it's a date, Mr. Griffin.
[♪ Christmas music playing]